Fixed two typos (#1)
bast/exercise: random-text.md

face, as if expecting me to pursue and shoot, for he had seen many a
bear batttle in his day.

> Following the ridge, which made a gradual descent to the south, I came

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the ridge, which made a (some different change) descent to the south, I came
```
